Full codebase review (#7)
Arcadia-Science/notebook-pub-template: SETUP.qmd

---
comments: false
---

# Setup

> This document details how to create a local copy of this pub's codebase and setup your compute environment. This is a prerequisite for reproducing this publication, experimenting with the analysis, or contributing a revision.

Reviewer: This document also describes how to reproduce the pub (and indeed is the target of the "reproduce" link in the navbar), so it feels weird not to mention that here.
```suggestion
This document details how to create a local copy of this pub's codebase, setup your compute environment, and reproduce the pub itself. This will enable you to experiment with the analysis in the pub and, optionally, contribute revisions to it.
```

## Obtain local copy

The codebase is hosted on GitHub and can be found [here](https://github.com/{{< var pub.org >}}/{{< var pub.repo >}}).

> To obtain a local copy, you have the option of either *cloning* or *forking* the repository. If you aren't sure what's best, our suggestion is to clone unless you both (1) want to propose a revision for the publication and (2) are not an employee of Arcadia Science.

Reviewer: Nit: they can either clone the repo or fork it and then clone their fork.
```suggestion
To obtain a local copy of this repo, you can either *clone* it directly or fork it to your own GitHub account, then clone your fork. If you aren't sure what's best, our suggestion is to clone directly unless you both (1) want to propose a revision for the publication and (2) are not an employee of Arcadia Science.
```

:::

This repository uses conda to manage the computational and build environment. If you don't have it installed (check with `conda --version`), you can find operating system-specific instructions for installing miniconda [here](https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/). After installing, run the following commands to create and activate the environment.

```bash
conda env create -n {{< var pub.repo >}} --file env.yml
conda activate {{< var pub.repo >}}
```

Now, install any internal packages in the repository:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

And finally, if you plan to submit a pull request, install the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hooks:

```bash
pre-commit install
```

# What's next?

With a copy of the code and compute environment set up on your local machine, you can now reproduce or modify a local copy of the publication however you see fit. Read on to get started.

## Reproduce

The best way to ensure you've correctly set up your code and compute environment is to reproduce this work. Fortunately, the analysis, and therefore the publication itself, can be reproduced with the following command:

```bash

> make execute

Author: Added disclaimer
